DOCS-11943-new-charts (#189)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/api-analytics-dashboard.adoc

Failed Requests:: The sum of failed requests in the selected time period for the given API. Data is aggregated in one minute increments.

Total 4xx Errors:: The sum of 400 errors (such as 404, 408, and so on) in the selected time period for the given API.

> Total 5xx Errors:: The sum of 500 errors (such as 500, 502, and so on) in the selected time period for the given API.

Reviewer: Does this mean the sum of 404+408+... or do you mean the total number of errors in the 400-499 range? 
Ditto for 5xx.

Author: Total errors that are labeled as 400- or. 500-level errors. So things like 404 (page not found error), 500 (HTTP request denied), and so on. Networking speak.

* If you select a time range within the last day, data is aggregated in ten minute increments.
* If you select a time range that is larger than one day, data is aggregated in one hour increments.

> Requests by Location: The sum of requests in the period, grouped by country. Data retention for the Requests by Location chart is one hour. 

Reviewer: Ditto same question about the use of "sum" here rather than total number.
Also, I wonder if it would be more clear to reorder the wording to something like...:
```suggestion
Requests by Location: The total number of requests for each country during the selected time period. Data retention for the Requests by Location chart is one hour. 
```
Is the second sentence necessary, or does it cloud the meaning of the first? What happens after one hour has passed? What displays then?

Author: We use the "sum" wording since that is how the query that spits out the values is written.
I would have to play with the suggested wording a little since it's the total number of requests firsts and then country grouping. 

re: data retention, the data is collected continuously over an hour and changes over that time. I think what's displayed changes as the input changes.

Author: Oop, I could have just directed you to this note up top: 
Charts displaying the `Last 1 hour` label show data that has been collected during the past 60 minutes, starting with the current time.
Does this make sense?

> Requests by Location: The sum of requests in the period, grouped by country. Data retention for the Requests by Location chart is one hour. 

Author: ```suggestion
```
